The differences between div, id, class, and span are that they are each adding significant html meaning at different levels. Div delineates large groupings of coding and data to give the general structure of a page within the html itself, but which can also be styled with CSS. Id is a unique identifier for the selected piece of code and allows us to target that code specifically. Class is a code that is an other identifier but groups similar sections of code so that those codes can be treated in much the same way, but these pieces of unique code can still be identified as their own unique id and perhaps have similarities in CSS but not be totally the same. Span is the most specific in that it directly styles individual words or phrases within the visual text that the end user will see, it is basically the div tag but for sections which might already be inside a div.

 Alt text is an accessibility measure so that people who might have blindness can still understand what our pages are doing. They are also really hand in case one of our elements is not working properly as it will inform the user that there should be something here for you to see, but it currently isn't available.

 I really really liked this assignment because I hadn't fully laid out the page before starting on the elements so specifically before. I loved that I had the layout totally composed before I even started on it and I never got lost trying to figure out what section I was on. Doing it this way will make the process of finding an unclosed or improperly closed tag so much easier. I just went down the list and did it in sequence, which may not always be possible, but really felt like an organize clean way to do things and I will try and plot it all out before hand from now on wherever possible. My only snag has been the youtube imbed. It works and then it doesn't and then it does and doesn't. Otherwise the assignment felt really nice, even working with the elements that I haven't used before. 
