My imaginary client is a dog trainer. I personally imagined that they live in Butte, which is where I live, and because its a small town they wanted something simple and familiar. I actually thought that because both PetCo and PetSmart use this blue, red, white scheme that could be something really nice for a simple design. So I wanted to do something that was familiar with color and not at all like the big corporate sites so that it didn't feel like an offshoot.

Block makes an element display like it is its own division, so it acts like its own section and is separate from everything else. Inline reverses that and makes the elements display all in one line as though they are a part of the single division. Inline-block allows for each individual element to display as its own segment inside of the inline.

Well I kind of powered through the beginning, looking back at work I had done before and appropriating elements to make it speedy and accurate... until I got hopelessly stuck. I spent probably 90% of the time of this assignment working on the dropdown menu, if not a little more. I went through every alternative I could and retagged everything multiple times, eventually I sent the email and kind of had to walk away from it until I heard back. I was completely beyond frustration, especially with the final to think about I felt like I just needed to cut my loss and move on to try and keep my grade as high as possible for my transcript. Then after the email you sent it really swooped together very quickly using the images and text and not having to generate any content besides a general style of the site. I was so happy to see that my mistake was just simple and kind of close, but I also was disappointed that I got so frustrated I couldn't see what was right in front of me. I feel from a design stand point that I don't do well on my own with my own compositions, I feel like if someone came to me with a design and color scheme of their own I could build a rudimentary mock up of the site, but I don't feel super great at the design. Which is disappointing, my father and sister are both amazing artists, but it is cool to look at the site and know that it could be better and I could probably make a much better one if I keep practicing or if I can develop a stronger sense of design.  
