I feel like I should answer both of the first two questions together. Simply put. I literally learned everything I know about web development and design during this class. Perhaps design was a little more intuitive, I DO visit sites fairly often and so have preferences on layout... but realistically something that feels cozy to use doesn't translate into understanding how to actually put that together. I feel all of my designs are more clunky and less intuitive than the sites I like to visit, but I also recognize that there is significantly more to learn. I knew a little about version control, though some of that is inference, but that is basically it. I don't think I had ever been to Github before or anything like that, so for the development side it was literally all new to me.

This one I really pieced together from work I had done before, especially because I had to finish the last regular assignment in the same week. The nice thing was the template from the last assignment carried over into what I wanted to do with this one. I wanted to create sort of a linear experience where I can premise the final product and educate a viewer along the way so that they could actually visualize and understand the work I had written. I loved having the ability to format quickly and insert elements I am familiar with in order to focus more on the content and delivering on the desired experience. Its really hard to help someone visualize something over the internet and so I really wanted to get my iframes and text in a good place for the viewer. It was certainly the most content driven assignment for me, and that is almost exclusively because I already had materials ready to go which I could slice and dice up to get the design quickly. I am super happy with how this turned out, particularly the way images interact with the menu bar, I felt that was just a super fun detail to help viewers think about what they will read on the site and understand the tone and story.
