I have come across each and every form that we learned about while I've been on the internet. All variations of text boxes, buttons, drop down, encrypted text. Everything. The "username/password" combo and search bars are by far the most common, but I can honestly say I've encountered everything. There is purpose to it all, managing data input from users and matching them with appropriate data seems to be the most important. All of e-commerce requires forms to function properly and all social media requires username and passwords in order to communicate. It's amazing how important they are, and yet how easy it is to blaze past it without appreciating it.

Text is used to find data or to leave comments. Every yelp review is an example of this, or any facebook comment for that matter. Buttons are literally everywhere, if you don't press enter on every text then clicking a button is the only way to input your selection. Buttons are the foundation of essentially anything on a computer, from keystrokes all the way to Google searches. I see selection mostly in official forms. Questions like "what state are you from" or "are you authorized to do such and such". They limit the options in order to get more exact information. Someone cant say, "I'm from everywhere"  or "I think so", they have to provide accurate information and I think that is why I see them in official settings most often.

My work cycle for this assignment was actually pretty chaotic. I started by beginning the homework and getting all of the major components down. Then when I started doing the school work I just wanted to jump in, so I got way ahead of myself a couple times and realized that I wasn't really doing things correctly. This one really was a learning experience. I also realized that I wanted to do things I just wasn't able to. I was pumped to have buttons all over the place but realized I couldn't actually get them to do what I was thinking, so I had to walk back to something more realistic. Which was good. I get very frustrated when I can't do exactly what I want to do, but I realized this week that if I just adapted I could achieve similar effects and could still be proud of my work.
