1) HTML was totally new to me, and early on it was pretty difficult. I had a hard time remembering the simple things like closing out tags with a forward slash or properly linking images. I was typically forgetting something super simple like that and it caused a lot of frustration, and I just wasn't able to see what was wrong. Lucky for me I am learning HTML and CSS is another class (creative coding) the past few weeks so I was able to learn each thing multiple times, though this class was far more in depth being that HTML is a primary language and in my CC class it is just a way to help us learn how coding works and to learn how structure is made. Ironically we hit CSS last week and that was a challenge for me in this class because I really wanted to make a style sheet to use for this project, because its actually kind of amazing how much easier and cleaner it feels in the coding of large page themes. I tried to just focus on doing the project WE were doing and not go off on a tangent using the limited CSS I know. I'm really glad I had that resource to practice more because I knew literally nothing about HTML when we started, but I appreciate the depth we are learning here and I feel like I have come a long way and I actually feel somewhat confident when I start a project.

One other thing I want to mention is how useful I find W3. After hitting multiple ideas multiple times in both classes I have found that I know the questions I need answered and I use W3 all of the time now, its so nice to have a resource available without having to bother a professor, and I love that I feel like I can research on my own if I end up with a problem or forgetting something really simple.

2) I am SO excited to get more in depth with CSS. Using it in a very limited way in my CC class really proved out its efficacy to me, it's just so good and I feel like the options we will have will really make me able to push myself farther. I wish I knew some photoshop so I could make cool hero images, but I feel like even though I am sure I am one of the few in class who has never edited a photo in their life I will still be able to accomplish a lot using CSS.

3) I basically styled the page and got all of my structure done before I even wrote a line. I had bits and pieces of text in order to see how everything looked but really they were two separate parts for me. Honestly the hardest part was trying to figure out what the actual content was going to be. I spent a significant more time trying to figure out the pallet, and I actually changed it when I finally decided on the recipe, because I thought it might be fun to use "pizza colors". I think I ultimately settled on a nice red, wheat for flair, and white for the text because I really prefer white for text. 
