1) The difference between universal, element, class, and id has to do with their level of specificity. Each one progressing towards more specifics, for instance a class can be any element which is of this specific type, but an id is a specific individual which might already be a part of a class, or element. Universal is the most obvious that it states the universal rules for the entire page.

2) I used: rgb(0, 201, 255), rgb(113, 185, 62), and rgb(223, 119, 33). They were colors that sprung up (or were very similar to colors)in multiple places. The orange and green mix is something I associate very strongly with the 60's, and the blue, red, or yellow accentuation is something I associate as well. They were very common color themes at the time and give a very distinct palate to the era.

3) I just went through all the material and then did a little research, and finally put it all together, which of course meant going back to the reading, back to the research, and back to the homework. It was very cyclical. I felt like I had all the information I needed to accomplish what I wanted. Although I am very disappointed I couldn't figure out how to make a lot more space between the two pictures as I felt that space would have made the page look a lot nicer, but roughly I was able to accomplish what I needed. I'm not sure if I used all the tools we were given this week, I feel like maybe I wasn't being creative enough in my goals to use everything. I also struggled a great deal to get my fonts to change with no luck so I will have to keep working on that.
